Update handover doc (#449)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/handover-between-server-workers.md

## How to facilitate Actor handover

To facilitate an Actor’s property handover between server-workers, follow the instructions below:

> 1.  If your property is defined on a native c++ class, mark the property field with a `Handover` tag in the `UPROPERTY` macro, as shown in the example below.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  If your property is defined in a native c++ class, mark the property field with a `Handover` tag in the `UPROPERTY` macro, as shown in the example below.
```

```
UPROPERTY(Handover)
float MyServerSideVariable;
```

> 2. If your property is defined ni a blueprint class, mark the property with a `Handover` tag in the blueprint editor, as shown in the image below.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Alternatively, if your property is defined in a blueprint class, mark the property with a `Handover` tag in the blueprint editor, as shown in the image below.
```

> 1. Mark the Actor as a `SpatialType`. See SpatialType doc.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Tag the Actor with the `SpatialType` specifier. See [SpatialType]({{urlRoot}}/content/spatial-type).
```

## How to facilitate Actor handover

To facilitate an Actor’s property handover between server-workers, follow the instructions below:

> 1.  If your property is defined in a native c++ class, mark the property field with a `Handover` tag in the `UPROPERTY` macro, as shown in the example below.

Reviewer: Capital C for C++? Not vital, but would be nice to be consistent across docs. (Disclaimer: I don't know if upper or lower case is the norm for our docs... but in the wider world I think capitalisation is common)

> 1.  If your property is defined in a native c++ class, mark the property field with a `Handover` tag in the `UPROPERTY` macro, as shown in the example below.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  If your property is defined in a native C++ class, mark the property field with a `Handover` tag in the `UPROPERTY` macro, as shown in the example below.
```

```
UPROPERTY(Handover)
float MyServerSideVariable;
```

> 2. Alternatively, if your property is defined in a blueprint class, set the variable's replication setting to `Handover` within the Blueprint Editor. 

Reviewer: This line starts with a "2." but should probably begin with "1." so that the automatic numbering can kick in (presuming the following lines are meant to be 3 and 4.

Reviewer: I'd recommend doing a local render (`improbadoc serve <path-to-docs>`) to see the number rendering in your browser and check they are working correctly.

Author: Yes, this is 2 because it gets confused with the text code example above. I'll double check it looks fine in improbadoc though.

## How to facilitate Actor handover

To facilitate an Actor’s property handover between server-workers, follow the instructions below:

1.  If your property is defined in a native C++ class, mark the property field with a `Handover` tag in the `UPROPERTY` macro, as shown in the example below.

    ```
    UPROPERTY(Handover)
    float MyServerSideVariable;
    ```

> 1. Alternatively, if your property is defined in a blueprint class, set the variable's replication setting to `Handover` within the Blueprint Editor. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Alternatively, if your property is defined in a Blueprint class, set the variable's replication setting to `Handover` within the Blueprint Editor. 
```
